Kyma CLI inline documentation review (#91)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

## Overview

Kyma CLI is a command line tool which supports [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) developers. It provides a set of commands you can use to install and test Kyma. 

## Prerequisites

Kyma CLI requires the following software:
- [kubectl](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubectl) 

> - [minikube](https://github.com/kubernetes/minikube) 

Author: Done.

## Installation

For the installation instructions, see the [release page](https://github.com/kyma-project/cli/releases).

## Usage

### Available commands

Kyma CLI comes with a set of commands:

> - `version`: Shows the Kyma cluster version and the Kyma CLI version

Reviewer: Here and everywhere below?

> - `version`: Shows the Kyma cluster version and the Kyma CLI version

Author: Done.

> - `provision minikube`: Initializes Minikube with a new cluster (replaces the `minikube.sh` script) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `provision minikube` initializes Minikube on a new cluster. It replaces the `minikube.sh` script. 
```

> - `install`: Installs Kyma to a cluster based on a release (replaces the `ìnstaller.sh` and `is-installed.sh` script)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `install` installs Kyma on a cluster based on a release. It replaces `ìnstaller.sh` and `is-installed.sh` scripts.
```

Reviewer: Based on the **current** release?

> - `uninstall`: Uninstalls all Kyma related resources from a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `uninstall` uninstalls all Kyma-related resources from a cluster.
```

Author: Done.

> - `completion`: Generates and shows the bash completion script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `completion` generates and shows the bash completion script.
```

> - `test`: Triggers and reports the tests for every Kyma module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `test` triggers and reports tests for every Kyma module.
```

> - `help`: Displays and explains usage of a given command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `help` displays and explains the usage of a given command.
```

### Use Kyma CLI

Use the following syntax to run the commands from your terminal:

```
kyma {COMMAND} {FLAGS}
```
where:

> * **{COMMAND}** specifies the operation you want to perform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **{COMMAND}** specifies the operation you want to perform.
```

Author: Done.

> * **{FLAGS}** specify optional flags. For example, `-v` or `--verbose` for additional information on performed operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **{FLAGS}** specify optional flags. For example, use `-v` or `--verbose` for additional information on performed operations.
```

Author: Done.

Example:

```
kyma install --verbose
```

Further usage examples include:

* Install Kyma with Minikube on Mac:

    ```bash
    kyma provision minikube
    kyma install
    ```

* Install Kyma with Minikube on Windows:

    ```bash
    kyma provision minikube

>     # follow instructions to add hosts

Reviewer: what does that refer to?

    kyma install
    ```

* Install Kyma with Minikube on Windows using HyperV:

    ```bash
    kyma provision minikube --vm-driver hyperv --hypervVirtualSwitch {YOUR_SWITCH_NAME}
    # follow instructions to add hosts
    kyma install
    ```

 * Run tests on Kyma:
    ```bash
    kyma test
    ```

## Development

### Kyma CLI as a kubectl plugin

> **NOTE**: To use Kyma CLI as a kubectl plugin, use Kubernetes version 1.12.0 or higher.

> A plugin is a standalone executable file with a name prefixed with `kubectl-` . To use the plugin perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A plugin is a standalone executable file with a name prefixed with `kubectl-` . To use the plugin, perform the following steps:
```

Author: Done.

> 1. Rename a `kyma` binary to `kubectl-kyma` and place it anywhere in your **{PATH}**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename the `kyma` binary to `kubectl-kyma` and place it anywhere under your **{PATH}**:
```

```bash
sudo mv ./kyma /usr/local/bin/kubectl-kyma
```

> 2. Run `kubectl plugin list` command to see your plugin on the list of available plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the `kubectl plugin list` command to see your plugin on the list of all available plugins.
```

Author: Done

3. Invoke your plugin as a kubectl command:

```bash
$ kubectl kyma version
Kyma CLI version: v0.6.1
Kyma cluster version: 1.0.0
```

> For more information on extending kubectl with plugins read [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on extending kubectl with plugins, read [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubectl/kubectl-plugins/).
```
